Yo, what's going on man?
What y'all niggas doing man?
Beef, man, come on, what you talking about them shits man?
Yo, I'm tryna just chill man
Understand man, I'm tryna just get my shit together man
I got a little man kid
You know what I'm saying, I got my little brothers to take care of man
My moms passed away and shit, understands me man?
I'm not even tryna hear that beefing shit no more man
If niggas want it we can bring it, you know what I'm saying?
But if not, just chill man

Yeah, R.I.P. Freaky Tah, you know?
Yeah, niggas recognize the real
What up to my nigga, Big L, yeah, yeah
What up cousin?

Yeah, ayo, my first thoughts was to stop when my man left
I started drinking more, thinking of my man's death
Then I thought, he wouldn't wanna see me crumble
When he handed me the ball I promised I won't fumble
And I won't, stood on the field and brought the real
These player haters hate so much that they resort to kill
Got your pictures, it ain't the same without the laugh
I pour liquor in the grass, think about the past
If there was no one I could speak with, I could speak with you
You knew all I was into, what I been through
They couldn't fuck with us, kid, we was off the chain
Blew the spot up when we came and got inside the game
From street cats, we brought it to the mainstream
It was an honor playing with you on the same team
Your name mean, a very great deal to me
It's only right I step it up, you kept it real with me, yeah

And when that day comes
We gonna be like, leather children
And when that day comes
Everyone is gonna, enjoy themselves

Ayo, I'm thinking you's about to come through at any minute
Bless your nigga on the track, put your flavor in it
Just a thought, I'm knowing that you're not around
Can't forget how we did it in and out of town
Held it down, maintained, still inside the game
Listen, ever since you left, it hasn't been the same
Niggas changed, fam looking at me strange
What's going on with Cheeks? People saying different things
No doubt, I'm hearing everything they say
"He don't live around the way, why should I stay?"
I play the hook but don't stay, understand that
And being on the block ain't bringing my man back
Those that know me, know me, straight love they show me
They can't hold you in the game, ayo, what's up with Obie?
Maintain, I'm talking to my lost soul
See you when I get there, meet you at the crossroad

And when that day comes
Is when I get a chance to tell you
I love, love, love, love, love
And when that day comes
We gon' be, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Yeah, what went wrong? All I know is that my man's gone
It made the man strong, on my own two I stand on
Right or wrong, I think about how we were like the bomb
Right before we perform, let me write a song
How you used to do, represents all you knew
Ayo, Talib, 21 gun salute for you
On top of losing you, I lost you in the worst way
Now that's the shit, them niggas killed you on my birthday
What a present, I said my nigga Tah dead
Celebrating birthdays with that shit in my head
Think about by the times when we would chill
Up in 1 and 2, in back of Richmond Hill
Yeah that shit was real, us young niggas growing up
Whoever thought we'd start bubbling and blowing up?
But we did, survived it all, I wish you did
I could speak for all the boys, man, we miss you kid, yeah

And when that day comes
Everyone is gonna, enjoy themselves
And when that day comes
We gon' be, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

And on that day we'll meet again
And we will be like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
And on that day we'll meet again
And we will be like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
And on that day we'll meet again
And we will be like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah